Click one row in the customer list.
p02
That single click opens the whole member.
p03
Everything you need for most tickets is now on one page:
p04
who they are up top, their numbers just below, and the detail waiting in the tabs.
p05
Start at the top and work down.
p06
Look at the header.
p07
The avatar, the name, the plan badge, and the line beneath it tell you four things at a glance:
p08
who you have, what they pay for, where they wash, and whether the account is in good standing.
p09
Read that line first on every call.
p10
It confirms you are on the right person.
p11
Now the chips under the name.
p12
Plan active, a plate on file for the cameras, auto-pay running, texting turned on.
p13
Four little flags that answer half the "is my account set up right" questions
p14
before you open a single tab.
p15
Over on the right, four controls.
p16
Back returns you to the list.
p17
Edit Customer opens the form we cover next lesson.
p18
Actions holds the member-level moves, and we open that at the end.
p19
The one you never touch is Delete.
p20
Under the header sits a strip of six numbers.
p21
Think of it as the account's vital signs:
p22
when they joined, what they spend, how often they come, their points, the next renewal,
p23
and the last time you saw them.
p24
When a member asks "how long have I been with you" or "when do I renew,"
p25
the answer is right here, no digging.
p26
Below that, a row of shortcuts.
p27
Each chip is a doorway into one slice of the account:
p28
their vehicles, their tickets, their wash books, gift cards, house account, loyalty, rewards.
p29
Instead of hunting, you click straight through to the part you need.
p30
The Overview tab opens first.
p31
Up top, an A-I snapshot writes the account in plain language,
p32
with a Regenerate button to refresh it.
p33
Below are the charts: visits by month, the mix of services, spend over time, and points.
p34
Treat the snapshot as a helpful draft you confirm against the real tabs,
p35
the same rule you use for Shyne.
p36
Switch to Contact.
p37
This is the record itself: name and business details, address, phone and email,
p38
plus the notification and consent settings.
p39
You read it here; you change it on the edit form in the next lesson.
p40
For now it answers "is our contact info current."
p41
Open Membership. This is the one you will use most.
p42
Plan details, the loyalty section with the bar code,
p43
the visit and spend totals, and the billing cycle.
p44
Two fields earn their keep here.
p45
The bar code is exactly what the POS scans, so this is your first stop when a tag will not read.
p46
And next charge tells the member when they get billed again.
p47
Now Payments.
p48
The cards on file and any prepaid credit live here.
p49
You can see what is set up to bill, and you can see remaining book value.
p50
Reading it is safe.
p51
Adding a card is not part of this walk.
p52
Last tab in Part 1, Vehicles.
p53
These are the plates the cameras match to the plan.
p54
You will also see a re-tracts list, the equipment holds set on this account's washes,
p55
like a skipped tire shine or top brush.
p56
When a member says the wash left something off, this is where you check.
p57
Linked Accounts.
p58
Shared plans and household members show up here:
p59
a spouse on the same membership, a second driver, a family link.
p60
When one person is asking about another's plan,
p61
check this tab before you assume they are separate accounts.
p62
Activity is the running log.
p63
Every visit and transaction, newest first, each with a type, a date, and an amount.
p64
When you need "what happened and when,"
p65
you scroll this instead of piecing it together from tickets.
p66
Open Messaging.
p67
This is the two-way text thread with the member, and it shows whether they opted in.
p68
Read it to see what was already said, so you are not repeating a message someone sent yesterday.
p69
One hard rule: you never send from here in the demo.
p70
Read only.
p71
Now Notes.
p72
These are internal staff notes, and the label says it plainly: not visible to the customer.
p73
Below them, the full communication history by channel, and a change log.
p74
This is where you leave context for the next agent
p75
and where you find what a teammate already did.
p76
Save Note stays untouched today.
p77
Finally, open Actions.
p78
Two items today: Issue Wash and Refund Customer.
p79
The old guide listed six, so if you are expecting Cancel or Pause here and they are missing,
p80
that gap is logged and parked, not something you broke.
p81
Read the list, then close it.
p82
Both of these move money or issue value, so in the demo you open the menu and stop.
p83
That is the whole record.
p84
Header and chips tell you who.
p85
The metric strip gives the headline numbers.
p86
The chips jump you into any slice.
p87
And nine tabs answer the everyday tickets:
p88
the bar code and the next charge on Membership,
p89
consent on Contact and Messaging, the internal trail on Notes.
p90
One page, read top to bottom, and you changed nothing to get every answer.